resolva esse problema, segue a lista de caminhas do projeto: ".env
.gitignore
db.sqlite3
list.py
lista_de_arquivos2.txt
manage.py
requirements.txt
apps
media
setup
static
templates
apps\galeria
apps\usuarios
apps\galeria\admin.py
apps\galeria\apps.py
apps\galeria\models.py
apps\galeria\tests.py
apps\galeria\urls.py
apps\galeria\views.py
apps\galeria\__init__.py
apps\galeria\migrations
apps\galeria\__pycache__
apps\galeria\migrations\0001_initial.py
apps\galeria\migrations\0002_fotografia_categoria.py
apps\galeria\migrations\0003_fotografia_publicada.py
apps\galeria\migrations\0004_fotografia_data_hora.py
apps\galeria\migrations\0005_alter_fotografia_foto.py
apps\galeria\migrations\0006_fotografia_usuario.py
apps\galeria\migrations\__init__.py
apps\galeria\migrations\__pycache__
apps\galeria\migrations\__pycache__\0001_initial.cpython-312.pyc
apps\galeria\migrations\__pycache__\0002_fotografia_categoria.cpython-312.pyc
apps\galeria\migrations\__pycache__\0003_fotografia_publicada.cpython-312.pyc
apps\galeria\migrations\__pycache__\0004_fotografia_data_hora.cpython-312.pyc
apps\galeria\migrations\__pycache__\0005_alter_fotografia_foto.cpython-312.pyc
apps\galeria\migrations\__pycache__\0006_fotografia_usuario.cpython-312.pyc
apps\galeria\migrations\__pycache__\__init__.cpython-312.pyc
apps\galeria\__pycache__\admin.cpython-312.pyc
apps\galeria\__pycache__\apps.cpython-312.pyc
apps\galeria\__pycache__\models.cpython-312.pyc
apps\galeria\__pycache__\urls.cpython-312.pyc
apps\galeria\__pycache__\views.cpython-312.pyc
apps\galeria\__pycache__\__init__.cpython-312.pyc
apps\usuarios\admin.py
apps\usuarios\apps.py
apps\usuarios\forms.py
apps\usuarios\models.py
apps\usuarios\tests.py
apps\usuarios\urls.py
apps\usuarios\views.py
apps\usuarios\__init__.py
apps\usuarios\migrations
apps\usuarios\__pycache__
apps\usuarios\migrations\__init__.py
apps\usuarios\migrations\__pycache__
apps\usuarios\migrations\__pycache__\__init__.cpython-312.pyc
apps\usuarios\__pycache__\admin.cpython-312.pyc
apps\usuarios\__pycache__\apps.cpython-312.pyc
apps\usuarios\__pycache__\forms.cpython-312.pyc
apps\usuarios\__pycache__\models.cpython-312.pyc
apps\usuarios\__pycache__\urls.cpython-312.pyc
apps\usuarios\__pycache__\views.cpython-312.pyc
apps\usuarios\__pycache__\__init__.cpython-312.pyc
media\fotos
media\fotos\2024
media\fotos\2024\03
media\fotos\2024\03\11
media\fotos\2024\03\11\carina-nebula.png
media\fotos\2024\03\11\carina-nebula_zhHSZ4m.png
media\fotos\2024\03\11\hubble_ngc1079.jpg
media\fotos\2024\03\11\potw1636a-jpg.webp
setup\.DS_Store
setup\asgi.py
setup\settings.py
setup\urls.py
setup\wsgi.py
setup\__init__.py
setup\static
setup\__pycache__
setup\static\assets
setup\static\styles
setup\static\assets\favicon
setup\static\assets\imagens
setup\static\assets\logo
setup\static\assets\�cones
setup\static\assets\favicon\Favicon 48px 1.png
setup\static\assets\favicon\Favicon 48px 2.png
setup\static\assets\favicon\Favicon 64px 1.png
setup\static\assets\favicon\Favicon 64px 2.png
setup\static\assets\favicon\Favicon 96px 1.png
setup\static\assets\favicon\Favicon 96px 2.png
setup\static\assets\imagens\Banner(2).png
setup\static\assets\imagens\Modal.png
setup\static\assets\imagens\galeria
setup\static\assets\imagens\populares
setup\static\assets\imagens\galeria\carina-nebula.png
setup\static\assets\imagens\galeria\hubble_ngc1079.jpg
setup\static\assets\imagens\galeria\not-found.png
setup\static\assets\imagens\populares\Foto 1.png
setup\static\assets\imagens\populares\Foto 2.png
setup\static\assets\imagens\populares\Foto 3.png
setup\static\assets\imagens\populares\Foto 4.png
setup\static\assets\imagens\populares\Foto 5.png
setup\static\assets\logo\Logo(2).png
setup\static\assets\�cones\1x
setup\static\assets\�cones\2x
setup\static\assets\�cones\1x\facebook.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\1x\favorite_outline.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\1x\Home - ativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\1x\Home - inativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\1x\instagram.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\1x\Mais curtidas - ativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\1x\Mais curtidas - inativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\1x\Mais vistas - ativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\1x\Mais vistas - inativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\1x\Novas - ativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\1x\Novas - inativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\1x\open_in_full.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\1x\search.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\1x\Surpreenda-me - ativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\1x\Surpreenda-me - inativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\1x\twitter.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\2x\facebook@2x.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\2x\favorite_outline.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\2x\Home - ativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\2x\Home - inativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\2x\instagram@2x.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\2x\Mais curtidas - ativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\2x\Mais curtidas - inativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\2x\Mais vistas - ativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\2x\Mais vistas - inativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\2x\Novas - ativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\2x\Novas - inativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\2x\open_in_full.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\2x\search.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\2x\Surpreenda-me - ativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\2x\Surpreenda-me - inativo.png
setup\static\assets\�cones\2x\twitter@2x.png
setup\static\styles\style.css
setup\__pycache__\settings.cpython-312.pyc
setup\__pycache__\urls.cpython-312.pyc
setup\__pycache__\wsgi.cpython-312.pyc
setup\__pycache__\__init__.cpython-312.pyc
static\admin
static\assets
static\styles
static\admin\css
static\admin\fonts
static\admin\img
static\admin\js
static\admin\css\autocomplete.css
static\admin\css\base.css
static\admin\css\changelists.css
static\admin\css\dark_mode.css
static\admin\css\dashboard.css
static\admin\css\fonts.css
static\admin\css\forms.css
static\admin\css\login.css
static\admin\css\nav_sidebar.css
static\admin\css\responsive.css
static\admin\css\responsive_rtl.css
static\admin\css\rtl.css
static\admin\css\widgets.css
static\admin\css\vendor
static\admin\css\vendor\select2
static\admin\css\vendor\select2\LICENSE-SELECT2.md
static\admin\css\vendor\select2\select2.css
static\admin\css\vendor\select2\select2.min.css
static\admin\fonts\LICENSE.txt
static\admin\fonts\README.txt
static\admin\fonts\Roboto-Bold-webfont.woff
static\admin\fonts\Roboto-Light-webfont.woff
static\admin\fonts\Roboto-Regular-webfont.woff
static\admin\img\calendar-icons.svg
static\admin\img\icon-addlink.svg
static\admin\img\icon-alert.svg
static\admin\img\icon-calendar.svg
static\admin\img\icon-changelink.svg
static\admin\img\icon-clock.svg
static\admin\img\icon-deletelink.svg
static\admin\img\icon-hidelink.svg
static\admin\img\icon-no.svg
static\admin\img\icon-unknown-alt.svg
static\admin\img\icon-unknown.svg
static\admin\img\icon-viewlink.svg
static\admin\img\icon-yes.svg
static\admin\img\inline-delete.svg
static\admin\img\LICENSE
static\admin\img\README.txt
static\admin\img\search.svg
static\admin\img\selector-icons.svg
static\admin\img\sorting-icons.svg
static\admin\img\tooltag-add.svg
static\admin\img\tooltag-arrowright.svg
static\admin\img\gis
static\admin\img\gis\move_vertex_off.svg
static\admin\img\gis\move_vertex_on.svg
static\admin\js\actions.js
static\admin\js\autocomplete.js
static\admin\js\calendar.js
static\admin\js\cancel.js
static\admin\js\change_form.js
static\admin\js\collapse.js
static\admin\js\core.js
static\admin\js\filters.js
static\admin\js\inlines.js
static\admin\js\jquery.init.js
static\admin\js\nav_sidebar.js
static\admin\js\popup_response.js
static\admin\js\prepopulate.js
static\admin\js\prepopulate_init.js
static\admin\js\SelectBox.js
static\admin\js\SelectFilter2.js
static\admin\js\theme.js
static\admin\js\urlify.js
static\admin\js\admin
static\admin\js\vendor
static\admin\js\admin\DateTimeShortcuts.js
static\admin\js\admin\RelatedObjectLookups.js
static\admin\js\vendor\jquery
static\admin\js\vendor\select2
static\admin\js\vendor\xregexp
static\admin\js\vendor\jquery\jquery.js
static\admin\js\vendor\jquery\jquery.min.js
static\admin\js\vendor\jquery\LICENSE.txt
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\LICENSE.md
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\select2.full.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\select2.full.min.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\af.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\ar.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\az.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\bg.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\bn.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\bs.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\ca.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\cs.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\da.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\de.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\dsb.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\el.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\en.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\es.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\et.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\eu.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\fa.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\fi.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\fr.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\gl.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\he.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\hi.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\hr.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\hsb.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\hu.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\hy.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\id.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\is.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\it.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\ja.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\ka.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\km.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\ko.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\lt.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\lv.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\mk.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\ms.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\nb.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\ne.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\nl.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\pl.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\ps.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\pt-BR.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\pt.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\ro.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\ru.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\sk.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\sl.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\sq.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\sr-Cyrl.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\sr.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\sv.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\th.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\tk.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\tr.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\uk.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\vi.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\zh-CN.js
static\admin\js\vendor\select2\i18n\zh-TW.js
static\admin\js\vendor\xregexp\LICENSE.txt
static\admin\js\vendor\xregexp\xregexp.js
static\admin\js\vendor\xregexp\xregexp.min.js
static\assets\favicon
static\assets\imagens
static\assets\logo
static\assets\�cones
static\assets\favicon\Favicon 48px 1.png
static\assets\favicon\Favicon 48px 2.png
static\assets\favicon\Favicon 64px 1.png
static\assets\favicon\Favicon 64px 2.png
static\assets\favicon\Favicon 96px 1.png
static\assets\favicon\Favicon 96px 2.png
static\assets\imagens\Banner(2).png
static\assets\imagens\Modal.png
static\assets\imagens\galeria
static\assets\imagens\populares
static\assets\imagens\galeria\carina-nebula.png
static\assets\imagens\populares\Foto 1.png
static\assets\imagens\populares\Foto 2.png
static\assets\imagens\populares\Foto 3.png
static\assets\imagens\populares\Foto 4.png
static\assets\imagens\populares\Foto 5.png
static\assets\logo\Logo(2).png
static\assets\�cones\1x
static\assets\�cones\2x
static\assets\�cones\1x\facebook.png
static\assets\�cones\1x\favorite_outline.png
static\assets\�cones\1x\Home - ativo.png
static\assets\�cones\1x\Home - inativo.png
static\assets\�cones\1x\instagram.png
static\assets\�cones\1x\Mais curtidas - ativo.png
static\assets\�cones\1x\Mais curtidas - inativo.png
static\assets\�cones\1x\Mais vistas - ativo.png
static\assets\�cones\1x\Mais vistas - inativo.png
static\assets\�cones\1x\Novas - ativo.png
static\assets\�cones\1x\Novas - inativo.png
static\assets\�cones\1x\open_in_full.png
static\assets\�cones\1x\search.png
static\assets\�cones\1x\Surpreenda-me - ativo.png
static\assets\�cones\1x\Surpreenda-me - inativo.png
static\assets\�cones\1x\twitter.png
static\assets\�cones\2x\facebook@2x.png
static\assets\�cones\2x\favorite_outline.png
static\assets\�cones\2x\Home - ativo.png
static\assets\�cones\2x\Home - inativo.png
static\assets\�cones\2x\instagram@2x.png
static\assets\�cones\2x\Mais curtidas - ativo.png
static\assets\�cones\2x\Mais curtidas - inativo.png
static\assets\�cones\2x\Mais vistas - ativo.png
static\assets\�cones\2x\Mais vistas - inativo.png
static\assets\�cones\2x\Novas - ativo.png
static\assets\�cones\2x\Novas - inativo.png
static\assets\�cones\2x\open_in_full.png
static\assets\�cones\2x\search.png
static\assets\�cones\2x\Surpreenda-me - ativo.png
static\assets\�cones\2x\Surpreenda-me - inativo.png
static\assets\�cones\2x\twitter@2x.png
static\styles\style.css
templates\galeria
templates\partials
templates\shared
templates\usuarios
templates\galeria\buscar.html
templates\galeria\imagem.html
templates\galeria\index.html
templates\partials\_alertas.html
templates\partials\_footer.html
templates\partials\_header.html
templates\shared\base.html
templates\usuarios\cadastro.html
templates\usuarios\login.html
"